# UI basic authentication
Add a basic authentication capability to the app.


## Key users stories
1. The user CAN login to the application with email and password
2. Logins are validated by the supabase backend
3. In the normal case logins are forever. The user is given a 'valid forever' token by the supabase backend which saved permanently on the device. 
4. The supabase backend keeps a minimal user profile with email, username, password
5. The user profile is visible and updatable from the app
6. Initial accounts can be managed on the supabase backend. Management can be be manual via SQL scritps.
7. Tokens can be revoked ont he supabase backend. This can be a manual process

## UI/UX considerations

### Profile Management page
Profile management

A simple screen where the user can (1) Login, (2) Logout and see and update
* email 
* password
* username

If user logged out, screen allows to login
If user logged in, screen allows us to update information and log out
Log out should not be prominent.

### Settings page and navigation
Add a cog button to the right of the bottom bar. The cog button opens a settings menu. The only entry of the settings menu at the moment is user profile. Clicking on user profile takes to the profile management page

## Testing 
* New Maestro test that starts with user logged out, logs in user, verifies profile is displayed, logs out, verifies user is logged out. 
* Existing Maestro tests need to be updated so that user starts logged in.

## Technical considerations
Let's brainstorm these technical areas and document the decisions as part of a new technical document under specs

* How are profiles provisioned and stored in Supabase?
* What kind of tokens are generated and sent to the mobile app?

